Oxford Bookworms Library. Stage 1. Shirley Holmes and the Cyber
Thief.
by Jennifer Bassett. Read by Kate Locke. Published and copyright.
Oxford University Press 2013.
Chapter 1. Friday evening. Meeting the client. Friday. It's the
end of the working day.
My friend Layla is in my office drinking coffee. She
tells me a story about one of her clients.
We laugh. Your clients are very difficult people. I say.
Layla is a lawyer. But many of her clients
are very poor people too. She does good work. And
what about you? Says Layla. You're a private
investigator. And your clients are often very difficult and dangerous.
Sahid worries about you. He likes you a lot, you
know.
Sahid is Layla's brother. He's a detective in the police.
Detective Sergeant Sahid Patel. He and Layla are my best
friends.
Sahid worries about me a lot. I smile.
Sahid doesn't need to worry about me. I say. I
can take care of myself.
I finish my coffee and stand up. Friday night. The
best night of the week.
What shall we do this evening? Go to the cinema.
Okay. But let's eat first. I'm really hungry. Layla says.
Oh. And don't forget. Next Friday, you're coming to dinner
at our house.
Sahid's cooking chicken. Great. I say. Sahid's chicken dinner.
Is famous with all his friends.
Layla puts on her coat. And at the door, I
turn off the lights.
I begin to close the door. And the phone rings.
Oh, leave it. Says Layla. It's Friday night.
I go back into the office. I can't do that.
I say.
Perhaps it's a new client. It is. It's a man's
voice speaking quickly.
I listen, say yes and no in the right places
and finish the call.
Sorry Layla. No cinema tonight. Another time, I say.
The client wants me to meet him this evening.
Oh, dear. Layla says. Can't he wait till tomorrow?
He says not. He's a worried man, I think.
We say goodbye and Layla leaves.
The meeting is in a Greek restaurant, not far from
Piccadilly Circus.
I take a bus and then walk.
The Athena restaurant in Old Compton Street is small and
noisy.
The client is sitting at the back at a table
for two, watching the door.
He stands up when I get near the table.
A tall man, nice looking. Brown hair, brown eyes, worried
eyes, tired eyes.
He's not sleeping at night.
Hi, I say. Shirley Holmes.
Jeff Clayton, he says.
Thanks for coming.
We sit down and a waiter brings us bread, olives,
feta cheese, water for me and beer for Jeff Clayton.
Clayton stares at me.
You look very young for a private detective, he says.
How can I help you, Mr. Clayton? I say.
What's your problem? I'm not here to talk about my
age.
Okay, sorry, he says.
I have a business, an electrical design company, Clayton Electric's.
We design.
I take out a piece of paper and push it
across the table to him.
It's the front page from his company's website.
He looks at it, then at me.
Ah, he says, you googled me. You know all about
my company.
No, I say, but I know a little about electrical
design now.
So your problem is a business problem, then.
I eat an olive and a piece of feta cheese.
I love olives and feta, probably because of my Greek
mother.
Jeff Clayton tells me his problem.
His business is losing money because he's not getting new
clients.
Every time he does a quotation for a new job,
he doesn't get it.
In six months, not one new contract, he says, not
one.
My quotations are good. My designs are good. I'm not
expensive.
My prices are good. I have good workers.
Six months ago, I had lots of new business. Everything
was fine.
And now, nothing.
Why?
Who is getting these contracts, then, I ask?
Is it always the same company?
He smiles a little.
Yeah, you got it.
I talk to some people, ask some questions. It's always
the same company.
Spark and flash design in Roehampton.
Their design is nearly the same. Their prices are nearly
the same,
but just a little bit lower. So they get the
contract.
How do you do a quotation? I ask. Tell me.
I look at the client's building with one or two
of my designers.
My design staff then do the plans. It's all done
on computer, of course.
I do the costings for the work and then send
the quotation to the client.
And you keep the quotations on the office computer.
I say, what kind of security do you have?
He tells me the name of the security program on
the office computer.
I know it. It's a good one.
I keep all the quotations and costings in a special
folder on the computer.
He says, nobody can open the folder without the password.
And every file in the folder has a password too.
How many people know the passwords? I ask. Only me.
It sounds all right, but a good hacker can break
through that security.
I think you have a cyber thief on your staff.
I say, someone is getting through your security,
taking the costings information and selling it to this other
company.
Do you trust all your staff?
He looks at me very unhappily.
I did trust them once, he said.
I don't know.
What can I do? There's a very big contract coming
soon.
Blanding's house, near Patney Bridge, all new electrics in the
building.
A Chinese bank is going to open there.
I'm doing the costings for the quotation now.
It must be in by next Friday.
I don't want to lose this one. I can't lose
this one.
He pushes his glass away and looks at me. Can
you help me?
Yes, I think I can.
I eat some more olives and finish the cheese.
I need to be in your office for a day
or two.
Talk to your staff. Is that okay with you?
Sure, he says. Come and go when you like.
I need to do some thinking tomorrow, I say.
Can I phone you on Sunday with my plan, Mr.
Clayton?
Sure, he says again.
But please call me Jeff.
We're working together on this.
Can I call you Shirley?
No, you can't, I say.
In your office, I'm going to be Sally Hawker.
So you call me Sally, right?
And you call me on this mobile number, not the
one on my website.
I give him my business card and show him the
number on the back of the card.
Shirley Holmes, private investigator.
He looks at it, then at the front of the
card and laughs.
Shirley Holmes, that's not your real name, is it?
You changed it because you wanted your name to sound
like Sherlock Holmes.
Maybe, I say, or maybe my mother married a man
called Holmes and they called me Shirley.
Chapter two, Monday in the office.
Early on Sunday evening, I phoned Jeff Clayton on his
home number.
Hi, Mr. Clayton.
Shirley Holmes here.
Can we talk about my plan for tomorrow?
Is this a good time?
Oh, hi Shirley.
I mean, Sally, listen, please call me Jeff.
I don't do this, Mr. Thing, or do you want
me to call you Miss Holmes?
I mean, Miss Hawker, I laugh.
Okay, Jeff.
Now, about tomorrow, I'm going to be a journalist called
Sally Hawker.
And I want to talk to your design staff about
their work.
I'm writing a long piece for Flipside magazine.
Do you know it?
Yes, I do.
It's good.
So, you want me to tell the staff about you
before you arrive?
When are you coming?
About 10 o'clock.
Is that all right?
Fine.
I have files on all my staff here on my
laptop.
Do you want me to email the files to you?
Great, I say.
Please send them right now.
When I arrive at the Clayton Electric's office on Monday
morning,
I know names, addresses, ages, families, schools, universities,
but I need to know much more.
It's a small office.
Everything open, no closed doors.
Faces are friendly, interested.
I'm something new in their working day.
I tell them about me and the IET,
the institution of engineering and technology.
I use my smiley journalist face and my smiley voice.
The IET wants more young people in schools to be
interested in technology.
I tell them.
So they ask me to write something for their Flipside
magazine.
That's the word for 11 to 15 year olds, says
Harry.
I wrote something for them once many years ago.
Harry Bowman, 59 electrical designer,
10 years with Clayton, very good at his job, but
getting old.
So, what do you want to know, asks Anna?
Anna Lund, 29 electrical designer,
two years with Clayton, very clever.
Tell me about your working day, I say, what do
you do, where do you go, who do you talk
to?
Anna laughs.
You must talk to Ken.
He usually goes out with Jeff and talks to the
clients.
Me and Harry just stay here and do the work.
Ken smiles at me.
Don't listen to Anna.
He says, she gets out to see clients too.
Ken Okobi, 32 electrical designer,
five years with Clayton, a good listener, good with the
clients.
There are the three designers and some office staff.
I stay with them all day.
I sit next to the designers at their laptops.
We talk about their computer programs and electrical design.
I laugh when they laugh.
I drink coffee with them, I watch and I listen.
I talk to the office staff too.
Nice people, but they don't know computers.
They can use them, but they don't understand them.
No hackers here, I think.
I go out to lunch with the designers at an
Italian restaurant.
I ask them about money.
Is the pay good?
Very good, Ken says.
Jeff Clayton pays well.
Ah, says Anna.
I'd like more money.
Oh, you always want more, Anna.
Ken says smiling.
And why not?
Says Anna.
I'm good at my job.
She looks at me.
I don't like working for other people.
I want to start my own business.
I want to be a rich woman before I'm 40.
The two men laugh.
When we walk back to the office, I walk with
Harry.
Do you enjoy the work?
I ask.
Yes and no, Harry says.
You see, my wife is not well and I'd like
to be at home to take care of her.
She needs the sun and I'd like to buy a
house in Spain when I start working.
But that's never going to happen.
Ken is walking in front of us and suddenly I
see his shoes.
They look very expensive.
Yes, they're Gucci shoes.
I'm sure of it.
Back in the office, I watch the designers at their
laptops again.
Ken is very helpful.
He tells me a lot about his work and shows
me some of his designs.
Do you take your laptop home at night?
I ask.
Yes, we all do, says Ken, and I always need
my laptop with me when I visit clients.
I work at home in the day, sometimes, says Harry,
because of my wife.
I sometimes need to be at home.
Interesting.
They take their laptop's home, so it's easy for the
hacker to do things at home when nobody is watching.
Five-thirty, going home time, they're closing down laptops, putting
on coats.
The working day is finished, so which one of them
is the hacker and the cyber thief?
It's one of the three designers, I'm sure.
Is it Harry?
He wants a house in Spain for his wife, but
he hasn't got the money for it.
Anna, she's clever, quick, wants to be rich, and she
wants it now.
She doesn't like waiting.
And there's Ken.
He's a nice guy, good at his work, but he's
wearing Gucci shoes.
I get out my laptop, Google Gucci shoes, and look
for the prices.
£470 for a pair of shoes.
Where does Ken get that kind of money?
I need to know more about Ken's home life, but
first, I need to visit the Weasel.
I don't know the Weasel's real name, nobody knows it.
He lives in a great big apartment in Bayeswater.
It's really just one big room with computers.
Computers, big and small computers, everywhere.
The Weasel is probably the best hacker in England, maybe
in Europe.
I sit on one of the Weasel's black chairs, drink
black coffee,
and look around the great dark room.
The only light is from computer screens.
Indian music is playing quietly, from one of the computers.
Don't you ever go out, I say?
See some daylight, look at some trees, feel the sun
on your face.
Where do I want to see daylight?
Our trees.
The Weasel says, he looks around at his computers.
All the world comes to me here. I don't need
daylight.
He looks at me.
And what do you need, Hawker?
He always calls me Hawker. He likes that name better
than Holmes.
You always need something.
Years ago, the Weasel went through a bad time.
I helped him then, and he doesn't forget that.
I can ask him for help when I want.
I tell him about Jeff Clayton's problem.
I want to watch three laptops, probably through the night.
I need to catch the person when they get through
the security on the main office computer.
How many passwords?
The Weasel asks.
Two.
One for the quotations folder, and then every file has
its password too.
Mmm, that's a clever Hawker, says the Weasel.
Okay, you need a Trojan horse program.
I can write that for you. Give me 24 hours.
Chapter 3, Tuesday, on the streets.
I meet Jeff in Richmond Park at 6.30 on
Tuesday morning.
A park is a good place to meet, away from
watching eyes and listening ears.
We walk up Sawyer's Hill.
It's beautiful in the park in the area.
Early morning, there's not many people at that time.
Maybe a walker with a dog, or somebody running.
It's quiet and green, with lots of big trees.
I love trees.
Jeff Clayton is not interested in trees.
Who is it? He says, who's my cyber thief?
Do you know yet?
No, I say.
I tell him about my day in his office.
It's one of your three designers.
I'm sure of it, but we need to catch them
when they're doing it.
But how, says Jeff?
I'm going to put a Trojan on your office computer.
When the designers turn on their laptops, the Trojan downloads.
I can then watch everything on their laptops, on my
laptop.
But they know nothing about it.
I can see them, but they can't see me.
A Trojan, says Jeff, but they're dangerous.
Are you sure about this?
Where does this Trojan come from?
How do you get it?
A friend is writing it for me.
I say, what friend, who?
Sorry, I can't tell you that, I say.
Look, do you want to catch this thief or not?
Trust me, we need to do this.
Then, when the Trojan is in place, you upload your
costings for the new quotation.
What was it?
Blandings, something?
Blandings House, a Chinese bank is moving into the building.
They want everything new.
Which Chinese bank is that?
I ask, oh, I can't tell you that, Jeff says,
and looks at me.
I laugh, and after a minute, he laughs too.
And then, we wait and watch, I say.
I use my motorbike when I want to move around
London a lot.
I look like a motorbike messenger taking letters and packets
from A to B.
The letters and packets never arrive, of course, but nobody
knows that.
They just see a person all in black on a
motorbike and think, oh, a messenger.
Nobody sees your face, nobody knows your name, nobody remembers
you.
This is good.
Harry, Ken, and Anna are at work in the Clayton
Electric's office,
so I'm going to look at their homes.
Sometimes you learn things from a person's home.
Harry Bowman lives in a little house in a quiet
street near a queue gardens.
It's a nice house with a nice little garden in
a nice street.
Lots of nice people in nice little houses.
I ride up and down the street once or twice,
but it tells me nothing.
It's the same for Anna Lund.
She lives in an apartment in a house in Barnes.
There are four apartments in the house, but nobody is
at home,
so I can't ask any questions.
I walk around the back of the house, but there
is nothing to see.
Ken Okobi lives on Richmond Hill, big houses, big expensive
houses looking down over the river Thames.
I stop the bike by his house and get out
my iPad.
I'm just a messenger checking an address.
A car arrives and stops outside the house.
An older man gets out and goes into the house,
Ken's father.
The car is dark blue, long and low.
It's a Porsche, only very, very rich people drive a
Porsche.
There are two small boys walking down the street, carrying
skateboards.
They stop next to me and stare at my motorbike.
Is that a Yamaha?
One of them says, yes, I say, do you like
it?
Yeah, it's cool.
The boy says, what do you think?
Think of that car, I say, looking at the Porsche.
I'd like one of those, that's a really cool car.
That's Mr Okobi's Porsche, the other boy says.
He lives in this house here, my dad knows him.
He's got lots of money then, I say.
He's an oil millionaire from Nigeria, my dad says.
He's got three cars, not four.
Says the boy.
So, Ken wears Gucci shoes because he has a rich
daddy.
Not because he's a thief, an interesting person.
He doesn't need to work with a rich family like
that.
But he does, I like that.
The boys move on and I check my iPad for
messages.
There's a green light on the screen, two emails, one
from Leila, one from the Weasel.
The Weasel's email has no message, just a file attachment,
a file called
gardenforflowers.exe, it's the Trojan Horse Program.
At 10 o'clock that evening, Jeff Clayton and I
meet outside his office.
Jeff opens the doors, puts the lights on, makes us
a cup of coffee.
I sit down at the main computer and get out
a memory stick.
What's on that stick? asks Jeff.
The Trojan, my friend emailed it to me and I
copied it onto this stick.
I put the stick into the computer and start to
upload the Trojan file.
Jeff watches, he's very worried.
Are you sure about this?
He says, Trojans can do very bad things.
Yes, they can, I say, but I'm not doing bad
things.
I'm just going to watch and catch your cyber thief,
we hope.
Is your Blanding's house quotation ready yet?
Nearly, says Jeff.
I'm going to finish the last bits tonight.
Okay, tomorrow morning upload the Blanding's file into the quotations
folder on the office
computer in the usual way and then tell the staff
about it, but just quietly.
It's just another quotation, don't do or say anything different,
just be normal.
I stand up and put my coat on.
Nothing's going to happen before tomorrow night when they take
their laptops home.
Then you're on the night watch, Jeff says, and what
do I do?
Nothing, I say, stay at home, wait for my call.
Chapter four, Wednesday, watching in the night.
When I'm working on a case, I like to check
everything.
Perhaps this isn't the first time for our cyber thief.
Cyber crime gets bigger and bigger every year.
Lots of people are doing it again and again.
Every private investigator needs to have a good friend in
the police.
iPhone, Saheed.
Saheed, dear Saheed!
I say, I need your help again.
Why are you only nice to me when you want
something?
Saheed says, he's smiling, I can hear it in his
voice.
I'm always nice to you.
I say, and you're going to be nice to me
today.
I know it's, I have some names for you.
Do any of these people have a police record?
It's so easy for you.
You just have to put the names into the police
computer and...
Okay, okay, says Saheed.
I have a meeting very soon, but I can give
you 10 minutes now, not a second more.
Give me the names.
I give him Ken, Anna, and Harry, and then 15
names from the Spark and Flash website.
All these people work for a company called Spark and
Flash Design, I say.
Spark and Flash Design!
Saheed says, he's typing the names on his keyboard.
I can hear it through the phone.
Clack, clack, clack.
What kind of company is that?
It's an electrical design company, I say.
Saheed laughs, what a stupid name.
He says, who wants Spark and Flash and their electrics?
Well, of course not, I say, but people laugh and
then they remember the name and that's clever.
Here we are, says Saheed.
He reads from his computer screen.
Ken Okobi, nothing, Anna Lund, nothing.
No, there's nothing in the records for any of those
names.
Is that helpful?
Yes, and no, I say.
But it was a great help to me.
Thanks a million, Saheed.
No problem, Saheed says.
See you Friday night then.
I have a quiet day, I go for a walk,
do some shopping, have a quick lunch with Leyla.
How's it going?
She asks, the new case, the man in the Greek
restaurant?
Ok, I say, I never talk about my cases with
my friends.
Only Saheed, because he's a detective.
And he understands the work.
Jeff's staff usually finish work about 5.30, Jeff told
me.
They get home by about 6.30 maybe.
At 5 o'clock, I'm at home, my laptop is
ready and I have three little windows on the screen.
One for Ken's laptop, one for Anna's and one for
Harry's.
I'm good at waiting and watching.
Every private investigator needs to be good at these things.
You learn to watch every little thing and remember it.
You learn to go for a long time without sleep
and then sleep for 12 or 14 hours.
8 o'clock, I drink coffee and read on my
iPad.
I find a story on the internet about cybercrime.
It's not very good.
A hacker in a high school is taking millions of
dollars from a bank in Switzerland.
It sounds so easy.
But in real life, it isn't easy.
A really clever hacker can get through a bank security
but it's very difficult.
The weasel can do it, I think, but he doesn't.
Well, I don't know. I don't ask questions.
11 o'clock, I make some more coffee and drink
it black.
My laptop screen shows nothing.
Maybe the cyber thief is waiting for a quiet time
late at night.
One o'clock, my iPad suddenly shows a green light.
It's a message from the weasel.
How's it going? He writes.
Nothing happening yet. I write back.
Are the garden flowers all right?
Yes, they're beautiful.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
Are you doing the night watch then?
Yes, boring. What are you doing?
Talking to a guy in California about the new internet
laws in America.
Bad news, eh?
Very bad. We don't want these laws.
The internet must be free for everyone.
I look at my laptop screen.
Hey, something's happening.
Must go. Talk to you later.
I close my iPad and turn to my laptop.
The screen is flashing. Somebody is getting into the Clayton
office computer.
They get to the password for the quotations folder.
Yes, they break through that.
Now the password for the blending file.
And they're through that.
Now the file is downloading to a laptop.
Anna's laptop.
Chapter five.
Thursday. Taking photos.
I phone Jeff.
Hey, Jeff. Are you asleep?
I'm not now. He says.
What's happening?
I have a name for you. Are you ready?
Yes.
Anna Lund.
He doesn't say anything for a minute then.
Anna. It's Anna.
Are you sure?
It's Anna's laptop.
Perhaps she did it or perhaps a spark and flash
friend did it,
but it's her laptop.
Right.
Jeff Clayton's voice is angry.
I'm calling the police in the morning.
They can come to the office and when Anna walks
in,
wait!
I say.
Here's the bad news.
Anna or her friend downloaded the Blandings file,
but they didn't keep the file on her laptop.
It went onto a memory stick.
I took some screenshots of the file download.
We can show the police those,
but they don't prove anything.
Somebody took the file from the office computer.
Yes, but the files not on her laptop now.
But the download happened on her laptop.
Says Jeff. Of course she's the thief.
Listen, Jeff.
What's she going to say?
She's going to say,
what file?
What are you talking about?
Where is this file on my laptop?
I don't know anything about a file.
She's not stupid and she's going to be ready for
any question.
She did it.
Yes, but we can't prove it.
Yes.
Yes, I see.
You're right, Shirley.
Jeff's voice is very unhappy.
So, what are we going to do?
Well, the Trojan horse was Plan A,
and now I have Plan B, I say.
Where is the Blandings file now?
We need to know that.
Maybe Spark and Flash have got the file already,
but maybe they haven't,
and maybe Anna is meeting somebody tomorrow.
So I'm going to watch Anna all day.
Where does she go?
Who does she meet?
Okay.
What can I do?
asks Jeff.
Go into the office tomorrow.
Be normal.
Be nice to Anna.
Nice to everyone.
Talk about work, the weather, the football, whatever.
We know about Anna,
but she doesn't know that.
We don't want her to worry.
Okay, I get it.
Jeff says,
watch and listen.
Text me when Anna does anything.
When she leaves the office, goes to lunch,
makes a phone call.
Use my Sally Hawker mobile number.
I sleep for three or four hours,
then get up, drink more coffee,
and call a taxi.
I want to be outside Anna's apartment
before the buses start in the morning.
I wear my student disguise.
I have long hair, a big hat,
and a wonderful long skirt
with red and yellow flowers all over it.
It's a great skirt.
People look at a skirt and not at the face.
Anna leaves her apartment at eight o'clock,
walks down the street to the bus stop.
And gets on the first bus.
There are lots of people on the bus.
Anna goes upstairs and I sit downstairs.
She gets off the bus and walks to the office.
And I'm 20 meters behind her.
She doesn't meet anybody.
She doesn't talk to anybody.
I text Jeff.
Anna arriving now, nothing happened.
A text comes back from Jeff.
Okay.
I find a sandwich bar not far from the Clayton
office.
I sit by the window and from there
I can see the door of the Clayton office.
I'm hungry.
I eat two chicken and tomato sandwiches
on brown bread and drink two cups of tea.
I read on my iPad, watch the clock,
and when the waiter gives me a hard look,
I buy another cup of tea.
Seven cups of tea.
It's a long morning.
A text arrives on my phone.
Anna leaving for lunch now.
Everything normal.
We talked about last night's football.
When Anna comes out, I'm standing in the street
looking into a shop window.
She walks quickly for 10 minutes
and then goes into a big pub by the river.
It's lunchtime and the pub is noisy, full of people.
I go in at another door and look around for
Anna.
She's with a man, a tall man with red hair.
Is he just a friend or?
No, he's more than a friend.
Anna is kissing him.
He's kissing her back.
He has his arm around her.
They're excited, happy, laughing,
I move a little nearer to them.
I get my phone out, hold the phone to my
ear,
but take photos, lots of them.
Nobody looks at me.
I'm just a student in a long flowery skirt
talking on my mobile phone.
I take a taxi back to my office
and sit down at my big laptop.
I download the photos to the laptop.
The camera in my phone is a good one
and these photos are really good.
So, who is this guy with Anna?
15 people work for Spark and Flash Design
and I have all the names.
I begin with the people at the top of the
company,
put their names into Google and hit search.
I'm looking for photographs.
Yes!
Got him.
The third name brings up lots of photographs
of a tall man with red hair.
He has a Facebook page with all his photos on
it.
Stupid man.
Steven Nyberg, director,
Spark and Flash Design.
I meet Jeff Clayton in Richmond Park again.
This time, it's raining,
so we sit in his car and make a plan.
Plan C.
Chapter 6, Friday, the end of the road.
Early Friday morning, I'm in the sandwich bar
near the Clayton office,
waiting for a text from Jeff.
I'm early, so I have a chicken and tomato sandwich
again.
They're good sandwiches.
A text arrives from Jeff.
She's here.
Come in now.
Today, I'm Shirley Holmes,
private investigator.
Quiet dark clothes.
No flowery skirts,
no journalist smiley face.
I walk through the Clayton office
to Jeff's little room at the back.
Ken and Harry stare at me.
Do they see Sally Hawker or Shirley Holmes?
They're not sure.
In Jeff's office,
I sit down on a chair near his desk.
Anna is sitting in front of the desk.
She looks at me quickly,
then back at Jeff behind the desk.
What's all this about, Jeff?
She says.
And why, it's Sally Hawker here.
Anna, Jeff says slowly.
He has Anna's laptop on his desk in front of
him.
He puts his hands on it.
On Wednesday night this week,
you downloaded a file from the office computer
in the middle of the night.
You used your laptop,
that is my laptop,
the Clayton Electric's laptop,
in your home.
You broke through the computer security
and that's two passwords to take this file.
What did you do with that file?
Where is it now?
Anna loves.
Hey, Jeff.
Jeff, what is all this?
I'm your best designer.
You tell me that.
What file are you talking about?
I didn't know anything about a file.
Jeff looks at a piece of paper on his desk.
I have here a screenshot of your laptop
at 1.05 a.m. 24th of May.
It shows the download of a file,
a very important file with information about costings.
What did you do with it?
Who did you sell this file to?
Anna isn't laughing now.
She looks quickly at me,
then away again.
She's worried.
Why am I here?
Why am I not speaking?
She doesn't like it.
I say nothing, just sit and watch her.
She looks at Jeff.
Look, Jeff.
She says,
I don't like this.
What are you saying?
Are you calling me a thief?
Yes, I am.
Who did you sell the file to?
Jeff says.
Was it to someone from Spark and Flash design, maybe?
What?
I don't know anybody from Spark and Flash design.
Who or what are they?
Oh, dear.
Bad mistake, Anna.
I take out my photographs and push them across the
desk to her.
Big color photos.
Steven Nyberg, Director, Spark and Flash design.
I say, Steve to his friends.
Anna looks at the photos of her and Steven Nyberg.
Her face goes white, then red.
She stares at me.
She wants to kill me right now.
I can see it in her eyes.
You are not a journalist, she says angrily.
What are you, police?
Or just a dirty little investigator?
I hope Nyberg paid you well for all the Clayton
quotations and costings, I say.
Or did you do it for love?
Love is cheaper for the company.
Anna gets really angry now.
She turns to Jeff.
You think you're very clever, don't you?
You and your stupid little company.
You're not going to get this Blanding's company.
Contract?
I see B.C. don't like spending their money.
They want better prices than yours.
And Steve can give them those better prices.
Second, bad mistake, Anna.
I look quickly at Jeff.
Did he hear it?
Yes, he did.
How do you know the client is I.C. B
.C.?
He says.
You told us Anna's face is white again.
No, I didn't.
Jeff says, I said it was a Chinese bank.
I didn't tell you the name of the bank.
I didn't tell anybody the name of the bank.
But the name I.C. B.C. was in the
Blanding's quotation.
So you read the file, didn't you?
You broke the passwords, downloaded the file,
read it, and gave it to spark and flash.
You're a hacker and a thief.
Do you have anything to say?
Anna says nothing.
There is nothing to say.
She's at the end of the road and she has
nowhere to go.
Jeff stands up.
Get out, he says.
Take your things and get out.
Sally, please go with her and watch her.
I want her out of this building in five minutes.
Chapter 7, Friday, an evening out.
In the afternoon, I'm back in my office, writing emails,
checking messages, doing the paperwork, the phone rings,
my Sally Hawker mobile.
Hey, Shirley, Jeff here.
Can I come and see you?
Sure.
He arrives 10 minutes later.
Big, happy smile.
His eyes don't look worried now.
Got some news, he says happily.
I wanted you to be the first to know.
Oh, that's nice, I say.
Is it exciting news?
He laughs.
It is for Clayton Electric's.
We've got the Blanding's house contract.
I heard this afternoon.
Wow, that's great news.
Well done, I say.
So, Spark and Flash didn't do a quotation.
Or they just didn't get it?
What happened?
I don't know, says Jeff, but I did two quotations.
I put one on the office computer on Wednesday.
You know, when you told me to.
But I did a second quotation with much better prices.
I didn't put that on any office computer.
Or send it by email.
I put it on paper and sent it by motorbike
messenger.
Nobody in the office ever saw that quotation.
I laugh.
Very clever.
I didn't think of that.
And did ICBC like those prices then?
He looks at me.
You opened the file in the night and read the
quotation, didn't you?
You knew it was ICBC.
Of course, I read it, I say.
I needed to know.
Oh, Jeff says.
Well, Shirley Holmes, Sally Hawker.
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
A big thank you, dinner.
Bread and olives at the Athena restaurant.
I say, he smiles.
He has a really nice smile.
There's a little French restaurant near Richmond Bridge, right by
the river.
Very good food.
They don't do bread and olives.
We're meeting at seven o'clock.
At home, I'm getting ready when I suddenly remember.
It's Friday night.
So he eats chicken dinner.
I phone Leila, but Sahid answers the phone.
He's home early because he's doing the cooking.
This is going to be difficult.
Sahid!
I say, I'm really sorry, but I can't come tonight.
I'm meeting a client.
On Friday evening, Sahid says.
That was last Friday.
Leila told me.
The client wants me to have dinner with him.
To say thank you.
I said, hmm, you never do that usually, Shirley.
You never have dinner with clients.
Clients are work, you say.
Not friends to have dinner with.
But this client has very beautiful brown eyes, Sahid.
I just want to look into his eyes one more
time.
I enjoy teasing Sahid.
Suddenly, he understands.
Ah, okay.
This client has nice brown eyes.
But can he cook a chicken dinner?
Of course not.
I say, your chicken dinners are the best in London,
Sahid.
And I want some.
Can you keep some for me?
Can I come around on Saturday?
8 o'clock, he says, and don't be late.